{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14240\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Alex Franklin #2342810\
\
\
END GOAL\
\
PRIMARY\
To market our brand to our target audience\
\
SECONDARY\
To show off how we are brewing beer in an ecologically responsible way and to showcase our participation in trade shows. \
\
\
\
TARGET AUDIENCE \
Our target audience is primarily eco-conscious millennials, as well as potential sponsors. \
 \
\
CONTENT \
Home page \
About Us \
Events\
Our Beers\
Our Brewery \
\
\
FUTURE CONSIDERATIONS\
An FAQ\
A Blog\
A privacy policy \
\'93Our sponsors\'94 for when we get some. \
\
\
SITE MAP\
All Pages: \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Header: Logo, Home, About Us, Events, Our Beers, Our brewery, Get in Touch, Search bar, English/		French\
	Footer: Image of hops, Logo, newsletter sign up, address, contact us, copyright, social media handle with logos \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Home Page: \
	Body: Trade show circuit with button, sustainability mention with button, brewery and taproom with 		button, on tap with button, social feed with images\
	\
\
\
About Us: \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Body: Our story, Our mission, Our commitment to sustainable brewing, eco logos of certifications, buttons linking to brewery and beer\
\
Trade Shows: \
	Body: Date toggle at top that swipes to event on that date with event preview, event list, button to buy tickets \
\
Brewery: description, tours, map with a visit us \
\
Products: beer with toggle for slide show, the GreenBrewBros promise, button to learn more about mission \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
Fonts and Colours:\
\
\
\
\
\
Notes on our wireframes: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- videos or images (slideshow) at the top 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - I like the calendar widget (sometimes they can we problematic- no) 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - see how we\'92re making a difference button. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - \'93organic local sustainable\'94 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - discussion: products before trade shows?? 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - can we actually sell? 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - are we looking for sponsors or customers? 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 \'a0- this isn\'92t e-commerce 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - NO calendar widget 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - Socials news feed!! (We like this) 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - search logo 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - blocks of large images to fill up page (our brewery and pub) 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - newsletter in large image 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - blurb abut environmentalism with \'93see how we\'92re making a difference\'94 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - scrap \'93our mission\'94 from home page, but allude to it. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - fixed header - snap scroll 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - Where should be have our contact information? - both. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \

\fs32 - logo dips down into video - pops back up as we scroll. 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
Notes on our mockups:\
-All headings should be in lower case\
-We are getting rid of the one green (#41644A)\
-Unifying headers and footers \
- Using the whispier logo \
- adding address to our footer \
\
\
\
\
}